in this video I'm going to show you how to
tie a butcher's knot we're going to use
our chateaubriand end of the tenderloin or
our butt end of the tenderloin to tie this
knot and what this is going to do it's going to
hold the ears of the tenderloin tightly towards
the center so we get a nice tight package I
like to when I do these knots I like to put
my twine below me so either in the pocket of my
apron or I will put it in a food safe container
in my workstation below me
i'm going to pull my twine up
and I'm going to tug my twine just underneath
whatever it is that I'm going to be trusting
I like to start in the middle because as I push in
it's going to push everything into both directions
i'll then tug my twine back and forth to make sure
that it is it is going straight oftentimes
what happens or what you don't see when I'm doing
this quickly is I'm doing this to prevent bunching
of my twine underneath the tenderloin I'm going
to take my twine over and around the tenderloin
and then I'm going to put it over top of my hand
as you can see my fingers are making the letter c
and now what I'm going to do is I'm going to
twist my wrist so I can come and grab this twine
and make a loop and I'm going to take this
individual loose end of the twine and put it
into that loop I'm now going to pull that tight
and now essentially what I have is a slip knot
and I can position the slip knot wherever it is
i like and I could pull it as tightly as I would
so choose my final step is to commit this
knot with a second knot and this just prevents
my slip knot from coming undone I'm going to
cut off the excess twine and there you have it